Weaviate tutorial (#2865)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-weaviate.md

    This DAG consists of seven tasks comprising a simple ML orchestration pipeline.

    - The `check_schema` task uses the [WeaviateCheckSchemaOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/) to check if the schema defined in `movie_schema.json` already exists in Weaviate.
    - The `branch_create_schema` is defined with a `@task.branch` operator to decide whether the `create_schema` task should be run based on the result of the `check_schema` task. If the schema already exists, the empty `schema_exists` task is run instead.
    - The `create_schema` task uses the [WeaviateCreateSchemaOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/) to create the schema defined in `movie_schema.json` in Weaviate. 
    - The `create_parquet_file` task runs the function defined in the `text_to_parquet_script.py` file to create a parquet file from the `movie_data.txt` file.
    - The `ingest_data` defined using the [@task.weaviate_import](https://registry.astronomer.io/) decorator ingests the data into Weaviate. Note that you can run any Python code on the data before ingesting it into Weaviate, making it possible to transform the data including to create your own embeddings, before it is ingested.

>     - The `query_embeddings` task uses the [WeaviateHook](https://registry.astronomer.io/) to connect to the Weaviate instance and run a GraphQL query on the vector embeddings created by Weaviate using the `text2vec-transformers` module running in the `t2v-transformers` container. The query returns the most similar movies to the user-provided concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `query_embeddings` task uses the [WeaviateHook](https://registry.astronomer.io/) to connect to the Weaviate instance and run a GraphQL query on the vector embeddings created by Weaviate using the `text2vec-transformers` module running in the `t2v-transformers` container. The query returns the most similar movies to the concepts provided by the user when running the DAG in the next step.
```

## Step 5: Run your DAG

1. Run `astro dev start` in your Astro project to start up Airflow and open the Airflow UI at `localhost:8080`.

> 2. In the Airflow UI run the `query_movie_vectors` DAG by clicking the play button. You will be prompted to provider [Airflow params](airflow-params.md) for `movie_concepts` and the `certainty_threshold_percent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Airflow UI, run the `query_movie_vectors` DAG by clicking the play button. You will be prompted to provider [Airflow params](airflow-params.md) for `movie_concepts` and the `certainty_threshold_percent`.
```

> 3. Wait for the DAG run to finish. Note that if you are running the project locally on a larger dataset the `import_data` task might take a longer time to complete because Weaviate will generate the vector embeddings when running this task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you are running the project locally on a larger dataset, the `import_data` task might take a longer time to complete because Weaviate generates the vector embeddings in this task.
```
Waiting doesn't need to be a separate step :) Just this note at the end of sub-step 2 is enough, but you may need to make sure it's indented properly.

    ![Screenshot of the Airflow UI showing the `query_movie_vectors` DAG having completed successfully in the Grid view with the Graph tab selected. Since this was the first run of the DAG the schema had to be newly created which was enabled by the branching task `branch_create_schema` selecting the downstream `create_schema` task to run.](/img/tutorials/airflow-weaviate_successful_dag.png)

> 4. View your movie suggestion in the task logs of the `query_embeddings` task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. View your movie suggestion in the task logs of the `query_embeddings` task:
```

    ```text
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - The top result for the concept(s) ['innovation', 'ensemble'] is:
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - The movie Primer, released in 2004.
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - IMDB describes the movie as: Four friends/fledgling entrepreneurs, knowing that there's something bigger and more innovative than the different error-checking devices they've built, wrestle over their new invention.
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - The certainty of the result is 0.624.
    ```

## Conclusion

> Congratulations! You used Airflow and Weaviate to get your next movie suggestion! This tutorial showed the use of three different Weaviate operators and decorators and the WeaviateHook, for more information on other modules see the [Weaviate Airflow provider readme](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-provider-weaviate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You used Airflow and Weaviate to get your next movie suggestion! This tutorial showed the use of three different Weaviate operators and decorators and the WeaviateHook. For more information on other modules see the [Weaviate Airflow provider readme](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-provider-weaviate).
```

---
title: "Orchestrate Weaviate operations with Apache Airflow"
sidebar_label: "Weaviate"
description: "Learn how to integrate Weaviate and Airflow."
id: airflow-weaviate
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/integrations/weaviate.png' }
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import query_movie_vectors from '!!raw-loader!../code-samples/dags/airflow-weaviate/query_movie_vectors.py';

[Weaviate](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate) is an open source vector database. Vector databases are powerful tools to store high-dimensional embeddings of objects like text, images, audio or video. The Weaviate Airflow provider offers operators and decorators to easily integrate Weaviate with Airflow.

In this tutorial you'll use Airflow to ingest movie descriptions into Weaviate, use Weaviate's automatic vectorization to create vectors for the descriptions, and query Weaviate for movies that are thematically close to user-provided concepts.

:::caution

> The provider used in this tutorial is currently in beta and subject to change. Once the provider is released this tutorial will be updated the provider source code will be available. The example code from this tutorial is also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-weaviate-tutorial). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider used in this tutorial is currently in beta and subject to change. Once the provider is released, this tutorial will be updated and the provider source code will be available. The example code from this tutorial is also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-weaviate-tutorial). 
```
Is the note about the tutorial code being on GH relevant to the beta status? (other than that it's not on the registry now, but I wouldn't expect readers to know about that...). If not I would remove that last sentence.

Author: No, not directly relevant, just where I put the link to the GH repo 😅 but yes, can definitely move that. :)

- The basics of Weaviate. See [Weaviate Introduction](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate).
- Airflow fundamentals, such as writing DAGs and defining tasks. See [Get started with Apache Airflow](get-started-with-airflow.md).
- Airflow decorators. [Introduction to the TaskFlow API and Airflow decorators](airflow-decorators.md).
- Airflow hooks. See [Hooks 101](what-is-a-hook.md).
- Airflow connections. See [Managing your Connections in Apache Airflow](connections.md).

## Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/get-started).

This tutorial uses a local Weaviate instance created as a Docker container. You do not need to install the Weaviate client locally.

## Step 1: Configure your Astro project

1. Create a new Astro project:

    ```sh
    $ mkdir astro-weaviate-tutorial && cd astro-weaviate-tutorial
    $ astro dev init
    ```

2. Download the `whl` file for the Airflow Weaviate provider beta version from the [Astronomer Github repository](https://github.com/astronomer/learn-tutorials-data/blob/main/wheel_files/airflow_provider_weaviate-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl) and save it in your Astro project's `include` directory.

> 3. Change the content of the `Dockerfile` of your Astro project to the following statement importing the wheel file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Change the content of the `Dockerfile` of your Astro project to the following statement importing the`whl` file:
```

    ```dockerfile
    # syntax=quay.io/astronomer/airflow-extensions:latest

    FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:9.1.0-base

    COPY include/airflow_provider_weaviate-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl /tmp
    ```

4. Add the following install statement to your `requirements.txt` file to install the Airflow Weaviate provider from the `whl` file:

    ```text
    /tmp/airflow_provider_weaviate-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl
    ```

:::caution

> The Airflow Weaviate provider is currently in beta and not yet available on PyPI. The provider will be available on PyPI once it is out of beta and Steps 1.2 to 1.4 will be updated in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Airflow Weaviate provider is currently in beta and not yet available on PyPI.
```

:::

> 3. This tutorial uses a local Weaviate instance and a text2vec-transformer model, each running in a Docker container. To add additional containers to your Astro project, create a new file in your project's root directory called `docker-compose.yaml` and add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. This tutorial uses a local Weaviate instance and a text2vec-transformer model, each running in a Docker container. To add additional containers to your Astro project, create a new file in your project's root directory called `docker-compose.override.yml` and add the following:
```

Author: 🤦 thanks for catching that!

    ```yaml

>     version: '3.1'

Reviewer: I had issues with the indentation in this when I copied from the deploy preview. When I copied from GH repo directly it was fine. So maybe worth re-copying it in here.

      ports:
        - 8081:8081
      environment:
      QUERY_DEFAULTS_LIMIT: 25
      PERSISTENCE_DATA_PATH: '/var/lib/weaviate'
      DEFAULT_VECTORIZER_MODULE: 'text2vec-transformers'
      ENABLE_MODULES: 'text2vec-transformers'
      CLUSTER_HOSTNAME: 'node1'
      AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY_ENABLED: 'true'
      AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY_ALLOWED_KEYS: 'readonlykey,adminkey'
      AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY_USERS: 'jane@doe.com,john@doe.com'
      TRANSFORMERS_INFERENCE_API: 'http://t2v-transformers:8080'
      networks:
        - airflow
    t2v-transformers:
      image: semitechnologies/transformers-inference:sentence-transformers-multi-qa-MiniLM-L6-cos-v1
      environment:
      ENABLE_CUDA: 0 # set to 1 to enable
      ports:
        - 8082:8080
      networks:
        - airflow
    ```

:::info

Note that it is possible to use a remote transformer model by changing the `TRANSFORMERS_INFERENCE_API` value in the `docker-compose.override.yml` file. See the Weaviate documentation on [modules](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/modules) for more information. When a remote model is used the `t2v-transformers` container can be removed from the `docker-compose.yaml` file.

:::

> 4. To create an [Airflow connection](connections.md) to Weaviate, add the following to your `.env` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To create an [Airflow connection](connections.md) to Weaviate, add the following to your `.env` file:
```

                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

## Step 4: Create your DAG

1. In your `dags` folder, create a file called `query_movie_vectors.py`.

2. Copy the following code into the file.

    <CodeBlock language="python">{query_movie_vectors}</CodeBlock>

    This DAG consists of seven tasks comprising a simple ML orchestration pipeline.

    - The `check_schema` task uses the [WeaviateCheckSchemaOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/) to check if the schema defined in `movie_schema.json` already exists in Weaviate.
    - The `branch_create_schema` is defined with a `@task.branch` operator to decide whether the `create_schema` task should be run based on the result of the `check_schema` task. If the schema already exists, the empty `schema_exists` task is run instead.
    - The `create_schema` task uses the [WeaviateCreateSchemaOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/) to create the schema defined in `movie_schema.json` in Weaviate. 
    - The `create_parquet_file` task runs the function defined in the `text_to_parquet_script.py` file to create a parquet file from the `movie_data.txt` file.

>     - The `ingest_data` defined using the [@task.weaviate_import](https://registry.astronomer.io/) decorator ingests the data into Weaviate. Note that you can run any Python code on the data before ingesting it into Weaviate, making it possible to transform the data including to create your own embeddings, before it is ingested. To import your own vectors specify the column containing vectors in the dictionary that is returned by the task with the key `embedding_column`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `ingest_data` task defined using the [@task.weaviate_import](https://registry.astronomer.io/) decorator ingests the data into Weaviate. Note that you can run any Python code on the data before ingesting it into Weaviate, making it possible to create your own embeddings or complete other transformations before it is ingested. To import your own vectors, specify the column containing vectors in the dictionary that is returned by the task with the key `embedding_column`:
```

>     ```python

Reviewer: Is it possible to indent this block so it's under the bullet? Right now it's rendering one indentation to the left and looks a little weird.

---
title: "Orchestrate Weaviate operations with Apache Airflow"
sidebar_label: "Weaviate"
description: "Learn how to integrate Weaviate and Airflow."
id: airflow-weaviate
sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/integrations/weaviate.png' }
---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import query_movie_vectors from '!!raw-loader!../code-samples/dags/airflow-weaviate/query_movie_vectors.py';

[Weaviate](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate) is an open source vector database, which store high-dimensional embeddings of objects like text, images, audio or video. The Weaviate Airflow provider offers operators and decorators to easily integrate Weaviate with Airflow.

In this tutorial you'll use Airflow to ingest movie descriptions into Weaviate, use Weaviate's automatic vectorization to create vectors for the descriptions, and query Weaviate for movies that are thematically close to user-provided concepts.

:::caution

The provider used in this tutorial is currently in beta and subject to change. After the provider is released, this tutorial will be updated and the provider source code will be available.

:::

## Why use Airflow with Weaviate?

> Weaviate allows you to store objects alongside their vector embeddings and to query these objects based on their similarity in n-dimensional vector space. Vector embeddings are key components of many modern machine learning models such as [LLMs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Large_language_model) or [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Weaviate allows you to store objects alongside their vector embeddings and to query these objects based on their similarity. Vector embeddings are key components of many modern machine learning models such as [LLMs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Large_language_model) or [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385).
```
I'll leave it to your discretion on whether or not we need the vector space detail - I think getting that "store objects as vector embeddings" and "vector embeddings are key components of ML learning models" was the missing piece!

Integrating Weaviate with Airflow into one end-to-end machine learning pipeline allows you to:

> - Use Airflow's [data-driven scheduling](airflow-datasets.md) to run operations on Weaviate based on upstream events in your data ecosystem (e.g. when a new model is trained, or a new dataset is available).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use Airflow's [data-driven scheduling](airflow-datasets.md) to run operations on Weaviate based on upstream events in your data ecosystem, such as when a new model is trained or a new dataset is available.
```

- Airflow decorators. [Introduction to the TaskFlow API and Airflow decorators](airflow-decorators.md).
- Airflow hooks. See [Hooks 101](what-is-a-hook.md).
- Airflow connections. See [Managing your Connections in Apache Airflow](connections.md).

## Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/get-started).

This tutorial uses a local Weaviate instance created as a Docker container. You do not need to install the Weaviate client locally.

:::info

The example code from this tutorial is also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-weaviate-tutorial). 

:::

## Step 1: Configure your Astro project

1. Create a new Astro project:

    ```sh
    $ mkdir astro-weaviate-tutorial && cd astro-weaviate-tutorial
    $ astro dev init
    ```

2. Download the `whl` file for the Airflow Weaviate provider beta version from the [Astronomer Github repository](https://github.com/astronomer/learn-tutorials-data/blob/main/wheel_files/airflow_provider_weaviate-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl) and save it in your Astro project's `include` directory.

> 3. Change the content of the `Dockerfile` of your Astro project to the following statement importing the `whl` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Change the content of the `Dockerfile` of your Astro project to the following statement to import the `whl` file:
```

    ```dockerfile
    # syntax=quay.io/astronomer/airflow-extensions:latest

    FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:9.1.0-base

    COPY include/airflow_provider_weaviate-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl /tmp
    ```

4. Add the following install statement to your `requirements.txt` file to install the Airflow Weaviate provider from the `whl` file:

    ```text
    /tmp/airflow_provider_weaviate-0.0.1-py3-none-any.whl
    ```

:::caution

The Airflow Weaviate provider is currently in beta and not yet available on PyPI.

:::

> 5. This tutorial uses a local Weaviate instance and a text2vec-transformer model, each running in a Docker container. To add additional containers to your Astro project, create a new file in your project's root directory called `docker-compose.override.yml` and add the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. This tutorial uses a local Weaviate instance and a text2vec-transformer model, with each running in a Docker container. To add additional containers to your Astro project, create a new file in your project's root directory called `docker-compose.override.yml` and add the following:
```

    ```yaml
    version: '3.1'
    services:           
    weaviate:
      image: semitechnologies/weaviate:latest
      command: "--host 0.0.0.0 --port '8081' --scheme http"
      ports:
        - 8081:8081
      environment:
        QUERY_DEFAULTS_LIMIT: 25
        PERSISTENCE_DATA_PATH: '/var/lib/weaviate'
        DEFAULT_VECTORIZER_MODULE: 'text2vec-transformers'
        ENABLE_MODULES: 'text2vec-transformers'
        CLUSTER_HOSTNAME: 'node1'
        AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY_ENABLED: 'true'
        AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY_ALLOWED_KEYS: 'readonlykey,adminkey'
        AUTHENTICATION_APIKEY_USERS: 'jane@doe.com,john@doe.com'
        TRANSFORMERS_INFERENCE_API: 'http://t2v-transformers:8080'
      networks:
        - airflow
    t2v-transformers:
      image: semitechnologies/transformers-inference:sentence-transformers-multi-qa-MiniLM-L6-cos-v1
      environment:
        ENABLE_CUDA: 0 # set to 1 to enable
      ports:
        - 8082:8080
      networks:
        - airflow
    ```

:::info

> Note that it is possible to use a remote transformer model by changing the `TRANSFORMERS_INFERENCE_API` value in the `docker-compose.override.yml` file. See the Weaviate documentation on [modules](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/modules) for more information. When a remote model is used the `t2v-transformers` container can be removed from the `docker-compose.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use a remote transformer model by changing the `TRANSFORMERS_INFERENCE_API` value in the `docker-compose.override.yml` file. See the Weaviate documentation on [modules](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/modules) for more information. When a remote model is used, the `t2v-transformers` container can be removed from the `docker-compose.yaml` file.
```

:::

> 6. To create an [Airflow connection](connections.md) to Weaviate, add the following to your `.env` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. To create an [Airflow connection](connections.md) to Weaviate, add the following environment variables to your `.env` file:
```

    ```text
    AIRFLOW_CONN_WEAVIATE_ADMIN='{"conn_type": "weaviate", "host": "http://weaviate:8081/", "extra": {"token": "adminkey"}}'
    AIRFLOW_CONN_WEAVIATE_USER='{"conn_type": "weaviate", "host": "http://weaviate:8081/", "extra": {"token": "readonlykey"}}'
    ```

:::tip

See the Weaviate documentation on [environment variables](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/config-refs/env-vars) and [modules](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/modules/retriever-vectorizer-modules) for more information on configuring a Weaviate instance.

:::

## Step 2: Add your data

> The DAG in this tutorial runs a query on vectorized movie descriptions from [IMDB](https://www.imdb.com/). If you are running the project locally, we recommend testing the pipeline with a small subset of the data. If you are running the project on a remote server, you can use the [full dataset](https://github.com/astronomer/learn-tutorials-data/blob/main/movie_descriptions.txt).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DAG in this tutorial runs a query on vectorized movie descriptions from [IMDB](https://www.imdb.com/). If you run the project locally, Astronomer recommends testing the pipeline with a small subset of the data. If you run the project on a remote server, you can use the [full dataset](https://github.com/astronomer/learn-tutorials-data/blob/main/movie_descriptions.txt).
```

1. To make the data available to your Astro project, create a new folder called `movie_data` in your project's `include` directory.

> 2. Create a new file called `movie_data.txt` in the `movie_data` directory and copy and paste the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a new file called `movie_data.txt` in the `movie_data` directory, then copy and paste the following information:
```

    ```text
    1 ::: Arrival (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: A linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world.
    2 ::: Don't Look Up (2021) ::: drama ::: Two low-level astronomers must go on a giant media tour to warn humankind of an approaching comet that will destroy planet Earth.
    3 ::: Primer (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: Four friends/fledgling entrepreneurs, knowing that there's something bigger and more innovative than the different error-checking devices they've built, wrestle over their new invention.
    4 ::: Serenity (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: The crew of the ship Serenity try to evade an assassin sent to recapture telepath River.
    ```

> 3. Create a new file called `text_to_parquet_script.py` in the `movie_data` directory. Copy the script below which contains a function to create a [parquet file](https://parquet.apache.org/docs/) from `movie_data.txt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a new file called `text_to_parquet_script.py` in the `movie_data` directory. Copy the script below, which contains a function to create a [parquet file](https://parquet.apache.org/docs/) from `movie_data.txt`.
```

    def create_parquet_file_from_txt(text_file_path, parquet_file_path):
        with open(text_file_path, "r") as f:
            lines = f.readlines()

        num_skipped_lines = 0
        data = []
        for line in lines:
            parts = line.split(":::")
            title_year = parts[1].strip()
            match = re.match(r"(.+) \((\d{4})\)", title_year)
            try:
                title, year = match.groups()
                year = int(year)
            # skip malformed lines
            except:
                num_skipped_lines += 1
                continue

            genre = parts[2].strip()
            description = parts[3].strip()

            year = int(year)

            data.append((str(uuid4()), title, year, genre, description))

        df = pd.DataFrame(
            data, columns=["movie_id", "title", "year", "genre", "description"]
        )

        print(df.head())
        print(
            f"Created a dataframe with shape {df.shape} while skipping {num_skipped_lines} lines."
            f"Saving to {parquet_file_path}."
        )

        df.to_parquet(parquet_file_path, index=False)
    ```

## Step 3: Define your vector schema

> In order to prepare Weaviate to ingest your data, you need to define a [schema](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/tutorials/schema). The WeaviateCreateSchemaOperator allows you to do so based on a JSON file. Vector embeddings will later be added to the schema by Weaviate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to prepare Weaviate to ingest your data, you need to define a [schema](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate/tutorials/schema). The WeaviateCreateSchemaOperator allows you to make a schema based on a JSON file. Weaviate adds Vector embeddings to the schema later in the process.
```

                        "dataType": [
                            "text"
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "year",
                        "description": "The year when the movie was released",
                        "dataType": [
                            "int"
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "genre",
                        "description": "The genre of the movie",
                        "dataType": [
                            "text"
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "description",
                        "description": "The IMDB description of the movie",
                        "dataType": [
                            "text"
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

## Step 4: Create your DAG

1. In your `dags` folder, create a file called `query_movie_vectors.py`.

2. Copy the following code into the file.

    <CodeBlock language="python">{query_movie_vectors}</CodeBlock>

>     This DAG consists of seven tasks comprising a simple ML orchestration pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This DAG consists of seven tasks to make a simple ML orchestration pipeline.
```

    - The `check_schema` task uses the WeaviateCheckSchemaOperator to check if the schema defined in `movie_schema.json` already exists in Weaviate.

>     - The `branch_create_schema` is defined with a `@task.branch` operator to decide whether the `create_schema` task should be run based on the result of the `check_schema` task. If the schema already exists, the empty `schema_exists` task is run instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `branch_create_schema` is defined with a `@task.branch` operator to decide whether to run the `create_schema` task based on the result of the `check_schema` task. If the schema already exists, the DAG runs the empty `schema_exists` task instead.
```

>     - The `create_schema` task uses the WeaviateCreateSchemaOperator to create the schema defined in `movie_schema.json` in Weaviate. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `create_schema` task uses the WeaviateCreateSchemaOperator to create the schema defined by `movie_schema.json` in Weaviate. 
```

    - The `create_parquet_file` task runs the function defined in the `text_to_parquet_script.py` file to create a parquet file from the `movie_data.txt` file.

>     - The `ingest_data` task defined using the @task.weaviate_import decorator ingests the data into Weaviate. Note that you can run any Python code on the data before ingesting it into Weaviate, making it possible to create your own embeddings or complete other transformations before it is ingested. To import your own vectors, specify the column containing vectors in the dictionary that is returned by the task with the key `embedding_column`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `ingest_data` task is defined by the @task.weaviate_import decorator, which ingests the data into Weaviate. You can run any Python code on the data before ingesting it into Weaviate, which makes it possible to create your own embeddings or complete other transformations before ingesting the data. To import your own vectors, specify the column containing vectors in the dictionary that is returned by the task with the key `embedding_column`:
```

>     - The `ingest_data` task is defined by the @task.weaviate_import decorator, which ingests the data into Weaviate. You can run any Python code on the data before ingesting it into Weaviate, which makes it possible to create your own embeddings or complete other transformations before ingesting the data. To import your own vectors, specify the column containing vectors in the dictionary that is returned by the task with the key `embedding_column`:

Author: Noted! Thank you :)

        ```python
        @task.weaviate_import(
            weaviate_conn_id=WEAVIATE_ADMIN_CONN_ID, trigger_rule="none_failed"
        )
        def import_data(class_name):
            """Import the movie data into Weaviate using automatic weaviate embeddings."""
            import pandas as pd

            df = pd.read_parquet(PARQUET_FILE_PATH)

            df["vectors"] = # code generating vectors

            return {
                "data": df,
                "class_name": class_name,
                "uuid_column": "movie_id",
                "embedding_column": "vectors",
            }
        ```

>     - The `query_embeddings` task uses the WeaviateHook to connect to the Weaviate instance and run a GraphQL query on the vector embeddings created by Weaviate using the `text2vec-transformers` module running in the `t2v-transformers` container. The query returns the most similar movies to the concepts provided by the user when running the DAG in the next step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `query_embeddings` task uses the WeaviateHook to connect to the Weaviate instance and run a GraphQL query. This query uses the `text2vec-transformers` module in the `t2v-transformers` container on the vector embeddings created by Weaviate. The query returns the most similar movies to the concepts provided by the user when running the DAG in the next step.
```

## Step 5: Run your DAG

> 1. Run `astro dev start` in your Astro project to start up Airflow and open the Airflow UI at `localhost:8080`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run `astro dev start` in your Astro project to start Airflow and open the Airflow UI at `localhost:8080`.
```

> 2. In the Airflow UI, run the `query_movie_vectors` DAG by clicking the play button. You will be prompted to provide [Airflow params](airflow-params.md) for `movie_concepts` and the `certainty_threshold_percent`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In the Airflow UI, run the `query_movie_vectors` DAG by clicking the play button. Then, provide [Airflow params](airflow-params.md) for `movie_concepts` and the `certainty_threshold_percent`.
```

    Note that if you are running the project locally on a larger dataset, the `import_data` task might take a longer time to complete because Weaviate generates the vector embeddings in this task.

>     ![Screenshot of the Airflow UI showing the `query_movie_vectors` DAG having completed successfully in the Grid view with the Graph tab selected. Since this was the first run of the DAG the schema had to be newly created which was enabled by the branching task `branch_create_schema` selecting the downstream `create_schema` task to run.](/img/tutorials/airflow-weaviate_successful_dag.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ![Screenshot of the Airflow UI showing the successful completion of the `query_movie_vectors` DAG in the Grid view with the Graph tab selected. Since this was the first run of the DAG, the schema had to be newly created. The schema creation was enabled when the branching task `branch_create_schema` selected the downstream `create_schema` task to run.](/img/tutorials/airflow-weaviate_successful_dag.png)
```

3. View your movie suggestion in the task logs of the `query_embeddings` task:

    ```text
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - The top result for the concept(s) ['innovation', 'ensemble'] is:
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - The movie Primer, released in 2004.
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - IMDB describes the movie as: Four friends/fledgling entrepreneurs, knowing that there's something bigger and more innovative than the different error-checking devices they've built, wrestle over their new invention.
    [2023-09-21, 11:45:30 UTC] {logging_mixin.py:151} INFO - The certainty of the result is 0.624.
    ```

## Conclusion

> Congratulations! You used Airflow and Weaviate to get your next movie suggestion! This beta tutorial showed the use of three different Weaviate operators and decorators and the WeaviateHook, more operators and decorators will be available upon the release of the provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You used Airflow and Weaviate to get your next movie suggestion! This beta tutorial showed the use of the WeaviateHook and three different Weaviate operators and decorators. More operators and decorators will be available after the release of the provider.
```
